---
title: "A database of 3D neighborhood motion maps"
collection: projects
permalink: /projects/2017-04-28-nmm
excerpt: '2D neighborhood motion maps allowed us to study local alterations of discrete spaces under
digitized rigid motions. Nevertheless, computation of 3D neighborhood motions maps is a challenging
problem.'
date: 2017-04-28
---

2D neighborhood motion maps have allowed us to study local alterations of discrete spaces under
digitized rigid motions. Nevertheless, computation of 3D neighborhood motions maps is a challenging
problem. In [Quadric Arrangement in Classifying Rigid Motions of a 3D Digital
Image](../publication/2016-09-09-quadric-arrangement-in-classifying-rigid-motions-of-a-3d-digital-image)
we have introduced the first algorithm to compute neighborhood motion maps for digitized rigid
motions on $$\mathbb{Z}^3$$. Our implementation evolved since (see
[RigidMotionsMapleTools](../software/2017-3d-nmm)) and has been improved.


<h2>Table of content</h2>

* TOC
{:toc}


Up to date we have managed to compute
====

- Neighborhood motions maps of $$\mathcal{N}_1$$ (6-neighborhood). [Download database
  file](../files/N1_NMM.db.tar.gz) (Last update 2017-04-30)

- Neighborhood motions maps of $$\mathcal{N}_2$$ (18-neighborhood). A database file will be
  available for download soon.

- Neighborhood motions maps of $$\mathcal{N}_3$$ (26-neighborhood). Recently, we have been working
  on the issue of computing neighborhood motions maps of $$\mathcal{N}_3$$. If you want to be
  informed when a dabatase file will be available for download, please, send me an e-mail. 


The files are SQLite3 databases. You can use our
[3DNMMVierwerDB](https://github.com/copyme/NeighborhoodMotionMapsTools) to visualize neighborhood
maps and see the parameters for which they were obtained.


Our second degree polynomials
====

Some people might be more interested in our quadrics than in the whole problem. 

- The set of 81 quadrics obtained for $$\mathcal{N}_1$$ (6-neighborhood). [Download mpl
  file](../files/quadrics_N1.mpl) (Last update 2017-05-02)

- The set of 513 quadrics obtained for $$\mathcal{N}_2$$ (18-neighborhood). [Download mpl
  file](../files/quadrics_N2.mpl) (Last update 2017-05-02)

- The set of 741 quadrics obtained for $$\mathcal{N}_3$$ (26-neighborhood). [Download mpl
  file](../files/quadrics_N3.mpl) (Last update 2017-05-02)

The files are Maple source code files.

It is worth to mention that each set of quadrics can be partitioned into three subsets. Moreover, by
permuting variables in one of such subsets we can obtain the other two subsets. We plan to exploit
this property to improve our algorithm for computing arrangement of quadrics.


How to cite
====

Any results obtained with the database should cite [*Quadric Arrangement in Classifying Rigid
Motions of a 3D Digital
Image*](../publication/2016-09-09-quadric-arrangement-in-classifying-rigid-motions-of-a-3d-digital-image)
and should mention a timestamp of the database. Adding a timestamp is particularly important since
due to possible bugs we might need to recompute neighborhood motion maps.


Acknowledgements
====

Special thanks for [Hugues Talbot](http://hugues.zahlt.info/bienvenue.html) of ESIEE Paris, LIGM for
allowing us to use his blade class machine. Also we would like to thank [David
Cœurjolly](http://liris.cnrs.fr/%7Edcoeurjo/), CNRS, University of Lyon, LIRIS for running some
computations on the CC-IN2P3 cluster in Lyon.
